we kill anybody
I hurt somebody's feelings once I never
walk into a place I don't know how to
walk out of I know you I don't think so
it's a small world
not a microcosm he was hired to lead a
mission this is what brought to recover
a package we need to take it intact from
several men who'll be intent on
preventing nice my kind of job that some
are willing to die for
relax darling just a game could you take
a picture of me and my wife get the
background I go to the case other guys
protecting the principle another hood at
everyone he's willing to kill for I want
$100,000 I want it up front I want
another hundred thousand when you get
the case
all good things come to those who wait
so I get us all the way what got no work
we're moving come on let's go you don't
want to off Matt get out of here
walk away walk away how did you know it
was an ambush that's the first thing
we're teaching don't you pyro remember
the second technique teaching we've made
a good plan and we're gonna stick with
it
we'll just go work for are you afraid
course I'm afraid
I think I'm reluctant because I'm happy
who are employers not under any
obligation to let you know why not then
the price has got to go up not gonna
happen
the girl sold us out following the wrong
people
United Artists presents Robert DeNiro I
won't hurt you
Ronen weird about seven your own skit
yeah am comes money
you